Document ServiceControl built-in custom checks (#4097)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/servicecontrol-instances/index.md

Each environment should have a single audit queue and a single error queue that all endpoints are configured to use. Each environment should have a single ServiceControl instance that is connected to it's audit and error queues. Consider the advice given in the [Planning](/servicecontrol/servicecontrol-in-practice.md) section of the documentation before creating a new ServiceControl instance.

### Self Monitoring via Custom Checks

> Service Control includes some basic self-monitoring implemented as a [custom checks](/monitoring/custom-checks/). These checks will be reported in ServicePulse alongside any custom checks being reported from endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Control includes some basic self-monitoring implemented as [custom checks](/monitoring/custom-checks/). These checks will be reported in ServicePulse alongside any custom checks being reported from endpoints.
```

> Service Control includes some basic self monitoring implemented as a [custom checks](/monitoring/custom-checks/). These checks will be reported in ServicePulse along side any custom checks being reported from endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Service Control includes some basic self-monitoring implemented as a [custom checks](/monitoring/custom-checks/). These checks will be reported in ServicePulse alongside any custom checks being reported from endpoints.
```
